2. Nebulae
   Colorful space clouds/gas clouds in the background
   Different types: emission, reflection, planetary nebulae
   Could add atmospheric fog/glow effects around certain systems
   Great for making systems feel unique

3. Pulsars/Neutron Stars
   Rapidly rotating remnants of supernovae
   Emit beams of radiation
   Could create lighthouse effect as they rotate
   Extreme magnetic fields affecting nearby objects

4. Supernovae/Supernova Remnants
   Expanding shells of gas from exploded stars
   Could have a "dying star" system type that's about to go supernova
   Remnant nebulae with interesting structures

5. Space Stations/Megastructures
   Orbital habitats around planets
   Dyson Spheres or Dyson Swarms around stars
   Mining stations in asteroid belts
   Could be player-built or procedurally generated

6. Rogue Planets
   Planets not bound to any star
   Drifting through deep space between systems
   Very cold and dark
   Could be discovered during travel

7. Planetary Features
   Solar flares from stars (bursts of energy)
   Auroras on planets with magnetic fields
   Storms visible on gas giants (like Jupiter's Great Red Spot)
   Volcanic activity on lava worlds

8. Wormholes (different from your tunnel gates)
   Unstable, time-limited connections
   Visual distortion/gravitational lensing
   Could be dangerous or unpredictable

9. Debris Fields
   Destroyed spacecraft/stations
   Could be lootable or dangerous to navigate
   Story elements about past civilizations

10. Stellar Phenomena
    Brown dwarfs - Failed stars
    Protostars - Stars still forming
    Variable stars - Stars that change brightness
    Magnetars - Neutron stars with extreme magnetic fields

11. Gravitational Effects
    Lagrange points - Stable orbital positions
    Gravitational lensing around black holes (visual warping)
    Tidal forces showing gravitational influence visually

12. Exotic Objects
    Quasars - Extremely bright galactic cores
    Dark matter halos (visual representation)
    Strange matter objects
    Hawking radiation visualization around black holes (you have this in data but might not be visual)

Quick Wins (Easiest to Implement):
Comets - Similar to asteroids but with trails
Space stations - Static objects in orbit
Solar flares - Particle effects from your stars
Planetary storms - Animated textures on gas giants
Rogue planets - Just planets in the void between systems
Would you like me to help implement any of these? I'd recommend starting with comets since you already have the directory structure and they'd be relatively straightforward given your asteroid system!
